# Order Analytics Project

This project performs data analysis on customer orders from an online store. The analysis includes computing the total revenue generated by the online store for each month, by each product, and by each customer. It also identifies the top 10 customers by revenue with visualisation.

## Inside the Project
### Explanation of the Project Structure

- `app/`: Contains the main application files.
  - `DatasetGen/`: Contain code for generating systhetic Data for analysis (Since The data set for analysis was not provided)
      - `DataSetGeneration.py` : Contains Data set generation Logic (Optional step as its been created and attached in app directory) 
  - `__init__.py`: Marks the directory as a Python package. 
  - `analysis.py`: Contains the data analysis logic.
  - `orders.csv`: The dataset used for analysis.
  
- `tests/`: Contains the unit tests.
  - `__init__.py`: Marks the directory as a Python package.
  - `unittest.py`: Containes testing code that generate Test_order_analysis
  - `test_order_analysis.py`: Contains unit tests for the analysis.

- `Dockerfile`: Dockerfile for building the Docker image.
- `docker-compose.yml`: Docker Compose file for setting up the service.
- `requirements.txt`: Lists the Python dependencies.
- `README.md`: Project documentation. 

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)

### Running the Project

1. **Clone the Repository:**

    ```sh
    git clone <https://github.com/MPranav1/OrderAnalytics.git>
    cd OrderAnalytics
    ```

2. **Build the Docker image:**

    ```sh
    docker-compose build
    ```

3. **Run the Docker containers:**

    ```sh
    docker-compose up
    ```

### Stopping the Containers

To stop the Docker containers, press `Ctrl + C` in your terminal or run:

```sh
docker-compose down
```




